feat: Adds `Navbar` component (#1728)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/components/molecules/navbar-slider.mdx

  const [navbarSliderProps] = getComponentPropsFrom(
    navbarSliderPath,
    components
  )
  return {
    props: {
      // We add an `ssg` field to the page props,
      // which will be provided to the Nextra `useSSG` hook.
      ssg: {
        navbarSliderProps,
      },
    },
  }
}

export const NavbarSliderPropsSection = ({ component }) => {
  // Get the data from SSG, and render it as a component.
  const { navbarSliderProps } = useSSG()
  return {
    NavbarSlider: <PropsSection propsList={navbarSliderProps} />,
  }[component]
}

<header>

# Navbar Slider

As part of the [Navbar](/components/organisms/navbar), this component is its **mobile version** used to list the navigation links (through the [NavbarLinks](/components/molecules/navbar-links)).

This component is part of the [Navigation](/components/features/navigation) feature and must be used in the [Navbar](/components/organisms/navbar) context.

</header>

## Import

Import the component from [@faststore/ui](/../components)

```tsx
import { NavbarSlider } from '@faststore/ui'
```

Import Styles

```tsx
import '@faststore/ui/src/components/molecules/NavbarSlider/styles.scss'
```

---

## Usage

> **Note:** This component is intended to be used only in the **mobile version**, but it can be adapted to a desktop version by customizing the component styles.

Reviewer: How about using a Callout component here?

```suggestion
<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
This component is intended to be used only in the **mobile version**, but it can be adapted to a desktop version by customizing the component styles.</Callout>
```

---

## Design Tokens

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow token="--fs-navbar-slider-padding" value="var(--fs-spacing-3)" />
</TokenTable>

## Nested Elements

### Header

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-navbar-slider-header-padding-bottom"
    value="var(--fs-spacing-2)"
  />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-navbar-slider-header-button-margin-right"
    value="calc(-1 * var(--fs-spacing-1))"
  />
</TokenTable>

### Footer

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-navbar-slider-footer-padding-top"
    value="var(--fs-navbar-slider-header-padding-bottom)"
  />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-navbar-slider-footer-margin-top"
    value="var(--fs-navbar-slider-header-padding-bottom)"
  />
</TokenTable>

### Logo

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow token="--fs-navbar-slider-logo-height" value="2.375rem" />
  <TokenRow token="--fs-navbar-slider-logo-padding" value="0" />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-navbar-slider-logo-margin-right"
    value="var(--fs-spacing-5)"
  />
</TokenTable>

---

## Customization

For further customization, you can use the following data attributes:

`data-fs-navbar-slider`

`data-fs-navbar-slider-header`

`data-fs-navbar-slider-content`

> `data-fs-navbar-slider-footer`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`data-fs-navbar-slider-footer`

```
